# Things-to-Do-with-Video-Games
Many of those who love video games indulge in them for an escape, for the chance to experience a narrative that they would never live out in real life. And while it can be a temporary escape, that does not necesarily mean are also using it as a form of therapy. Although, Bogost makes a valid point when he writes that if video games have enough power to evoke certain emotions such as anger and violence, it is also capable of doing the same with compassion and empathy. These characters played with weaker abilities have one experience a narrative more realistic, a game where you would have to only use the limited resources offered, rather than offering a floating neon-green lit gun reload or banana peel once your character is falling behind. Although, I think the characters Bogost describes are not only weak but rather the victims of the more popular games. Examples from the reading are players avoiding contact with militia and escaping Sudanese genoicde. While I do think these games are capable of evoking empathy, I do not believe they would gain as much traction as those that are fun because you have all the resources to be the most powerful player in the game. Video games are also different than literature, music, and cinema, forms of expression that are successful in evoking weak emotions, because you are a player not just a watcher. When you are a player, there is an option of being a winner or loser and nobody wants to be the loser. I think stand-up comedy is an art form that we still consider strictly for entertainment/fun because the audience comes out to enjoy themselves with a good laugh, they do not indulge in stand-up comedy shows for the chance to experience sad emotions.
